https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dorf8i6lCuk DONE

Another important thing to remember :
1. this is the basic of react javascript, this is so tricky -.- 
2. The first thing should do is install js in your application environtment using npx create-react-app my-app
3. Set up the folder, based on every file function 
4. the first folder accessed in this folder will be index.js, this file will render the whole page of this 
app, because in this file, react called component called layout, who contain all page in this website, 
and the layout file wrapped by context called favorites-context.js, so if the system want to acces context
who contain user favorite, just called it
5. there's a lot of new folder that i created, and all the folder that i created, i put inside src folder
    there 3 folder inside src folder :
    a. Component Folder -> contain all componen on my website, i created folder named 
        a. layout = for insert file who make the whole layout of my app
        b. meetups = contain the file where i put my html meetup item in this system
    
    b. Pages folder -> Contain my page of my app, where i need a componen on this page, i'm going
    to call it from component folder, in this folder contain a lot of file.
        a. Allmeetup.js = this is the page where i put all meetup on this system
        b. NewMeetup.js = this is the page for user create a new meetup
        c. Favorites.js = this page contain a favorie meetup list by the user, and system put the 
        Favorites using an array

    c. Store Folder -> contain a file called favorites-content, in this file there's a hook called createcontext
    as a default export, so if other page want to use a context in this file, just export it, and the data is
    already send to that page and import the useContext

6. in this website use a lot of module and hook, this is a little bit reference about that
    a. useState
    b. useEffect
    c. useContext
    d. props
    e. React router, and many more ..